hello youtube friends today I'm going to
teach how to download and install halo
combat evolved full and in Spanish
good first of all to the one is a
video game of shots in first
person developed by bungie and
posted by microsoft game studios la
Halo plot takes place in the 26th century
period where the player assumes the role
of the master chief a soldier
genetically improved that is accompanied
by cut to an artificial intelligence
below in the description of this video
I will leave the link of my website to
download the game here you will find
the most important data of the game a
brief description some catches of
I play the trailer and most importantly the
download link we click and
we wait 5 seconds
[Music]
and we give in the button script and sadi
we wait another 5 seconds
[Music]
and we give in the button jump advertising
will launch us to the mega server and
we give in download or download and it
will start to download the game I'll
canceled because I already have it but you
yes they should wait good once finished
the download will leave us a file rar
we click right extract here
will ask for a password we put and to
game
and the decompression process will begin
we wait
[Music]
we're
good once the process is finished
previous we will have an iso image that
we assemble it with damon tools
we drag the image that towards the
virtual unit and we hope that it will mount
and we run the bus
[Music]
now we give it on this side
will ask us for a serial we are going to start
team
and we right click on the unit
virtual and we open it now we look for
what and geni we open
[Music]
and we give it in general will generate us a
serial automatically
that we copy and paste it like I'm going to
do immediately
[Music]
we closed the cayenne
now we give you following next
and
and we give you install will start the
game installation we hope
[Music]
no no
[Applause]
[Music]
now we close this window good and
we'll have to put the crack we're going to
infinite equipment
and we right click on the unit
virtual and we open it
now we open the craft folder and
we copy the file that contains
[Music]
on the desk we created an access
direct of the game we give right click and
we give in open location of the file
and we're going to paste copy and replace
and continue and we'll have the full game
go to Spanish
I will execute it to give a small
demonstration that works here we give
to accept
[Music]
to Dad
[Laughs]
well remember if you liked this
video subscribe dale dickey comments and
share it with your friends he told them his
friend san mamés until the next